Gunicorn configurable (#397)
maxking/docker-mailman: core/README.md

- `HYPERKITTY_URL`: Default value is `http://mailman-web:8000/hyperkitty`

> In case of a need for fine tuning of Gunicorn web-server (e.g. for raising of timeouts)
> `/opt/mailman/gunicorn-extra.cfg` file could be provided holding necessary parameters.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of a need for fine tuning of REST API web-server that uses [Gunicorn](https://docs.gunicorn.org/en/stable/settings.html) (e.g. for raising of timeouts) `/opt/mailman/gunicorn-extra.cfg` file could be provided holding necessary configuration options.

```
